Brother, how did you know someone would show up on patrol?
You've already calculated
Is that hard?
Okay, don't tear these things apart
Drive away is this really my big brother?
Sir, how is it?
Any news on the fish?
Not yet, then why don't you hurry up and find me and give you one night?
If you can't find it again
I'll peel your skin and try it, don't
Fish don't
What's going on?
Sun Jian is Sun Jian asking people to grasp my Sun Quan
Sun Quan again
The Sun family invaded my Wuhou Mansion again and again
Do you really think the old man can't lift a knife?
Don't worry, daughter.
The reply will definitely make that kid from the Sun family pay the price.
Come and prepare for teaching
The old man wants to attack and destroy the beast
It's a kid, let's do it